yes this recap reps we're gonna get you
all caught up with Game of Thrones for
the final season pay real close
attention y'all do we go
welcome to Winterfell loyal fan bond
vacation Jaime Cersei can't bang and Bob
bran defenestration Robert has an offer
that accepts the call that a daughter's
to the Capitol John to the wall danny
has juice bro Mary sir - Jojo almost a
no-go brought it like a pogo rolling
with the fresh hot Queen dealing cold
flows called her Khaleesi now here's a
crown of gold for all tyrion travels and
gets it on romance a bromance fraud
starts vs. Lannisters broadcaster
teaching Jaime is defeated Ned learns a
dirty secret
Robert sighs Joffrey's king that one's
out of that scene his daughters in the
audience he gets shot at feed ruggedized
- Danny struts into his pyre and emerges
with her dragons are affected by the
fire but North remembers Callen tries to
grow the stars brand offers an alliance
with King rally and Queen high dam also
Melisandre what a fine magic lady she
gets it all with Stannis to producers to
have adult baby plead - Rob only sold
that later Catelyn can release Jamie to
make team boats lair Arya haircut meets
a business bad as sons a psychologically
abused by King asshat beyond in the
North proof she's already [ __ ] John
leaves a wall on a quest to get his dick
wet
standards force Lannisters Blackwater
tree fire ass has pleased himself Tyrion
inspire meanwhile Danny double-crossed
the cars where I my dragon there there
so many stories may I'll die before
through this but it's like they say
Valar morghulis
[Music]
beyond all white walkers
yeah but they won't not a bugs ass hats
on it crossbow and hookers dear God can
I be honest T's biggest an [ __ ] I've
ever can see they punch my TV every time
it comes on screen
I'm sure until team Oh Slayer getting
closer on the surface but Jamie mrs.
Cersei and now we can't jerk it Brandon
holder join forces when it start the
drizzle as for Theon [ __ ] Ramsay
makes it official
Jon into your cave action wildling on
Crows says he's got a go but you know
nothing Jon Snow
Jamie for you slave kids her army at its
largest keeps Jorah at bay after dartium
the hardest Rob finds fluff and a
gorgeous medic he puts a baby in ER they
attend a wedding a song starts playing
as the Starks are dying
I can't watch this again I'm already
crying Marjorie and asshat wedding with
the purple twist poisoned wine asshat
dies like is this [ __ ] blame it on
Tyrion who's like what the hell fat
Tywin's like and Jamie pills troll paths
are in the Hound nupro steppin dudes
than the Hound goes down or he leaves
intrude
Brandon Cruz charged and barely make it
to the trees and find the thread raven
then they chill for a season shana stan
is teaming up wildlings eyes climb John
and eager tear enough that she goes down
this time Kenny and remained with their
new feared and Daario dragons get
homicidal chained him up sorry bro
and forget over it so talents if it
sticks goes to bat for Tyrion but gets
his face squished Jamie frees Terry and
revenge for the latter he chokes out Jay
killed his daddy on the crapper
[Music]
and everything White Walkers
yeah no one cares in fact though with
mind to be further they're dealing with
a cult and it comes to child murders
feel bad for Jamie but for Stannis not
so much he fails an invasion and is
slain by a woman's touch Syrian escaping
meets Torah on a bad night tyrion
promoted stone Jorah only gets I'm gonna
break to Leah what her reign is coming
undone deep [ __ ] in the pits eat dragon
fire song are you going faceless but
only gets cataracts on the
psychologically abused by a psychopath
sparrows in the capital searches in a
new game torture and confession and
shame John in the watch ally with the
wildlings hardhome massacre that did it
keep rising John's like holy [ __ ]
Thrones like up yours bro stabby stabby
stabby that's the end of Jon Snow or is
it
Melisandre playing doctor let's see that
ass again well god she got harder
Brandes get some walkers limbs up Jon
Snow's Laura thanks to our friend who
will be meant to hold the door Danny
Angels Frankie Falls start with her back
so of them plus the fleet plus her
dragons Eddy sack bro
Arya as their training gets vengeance
with a throne slash John and Sons of Ian
I forgot to kill the Psychopaths biggest
[ __ ] I've ever [ __ ] seen I push my
TV every time I did that already
Battle of the bastard visceral and
fish's jaw Gwyn psychopath eyes fire
fishes king's landing at the mercy of
religion young Tom and Ned Margaery try
to reason with them Sir sea trout wild
fire tears through the younger crowd Tom
and dropped out creepy now found out
stuff was left out
[Music]
that was Game of Thrones seasons 1
through 6 y'all this is recap rest leave
a comment below letting us know what you
want to see next and we'll see you real
soon to talk what's up guys thanks for
watching if you like this click the box
to lunch see a playlist of all our other
recap reps or click the Box on the right
to see another top video be sure to hit
that subscribe button to stay up to date
on all the latest own content hi I'm a
HBO go warp so now